monitoring: automatically deploy grafana notifiers (round 2) (#11483)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Prometheus metric `src_gitserver_repos_removed_disk_pressure` which is incremented everytime we remove a repository due to disk pressure. [#10900](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10900)
- `gitolite.exclude` setting in [Gitolite external service config](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/gitolite#configuration) now supports a regular expression via the `pattern` field. This is consistent with how we exclude in other external services. Additionally this is a replacement for the deprecated `blacklist` configuration. [#11403](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/11403)
- Notifications about Sourcegraph being out of date will now be shown to site admins and users (depending on how out-of-date it is).

> - Alerts are now configured using `observability.alerts` in the site configuration, instead of via the Grafana web UI. This does not yet support all Grafana alert types, and is not yet supported on `sourcegraph/server` ([#11473](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/11473)). For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alerts are now configured using `observability.alerts` in the site configuration, instead of via the Grafana web UI. This does not yet support all Grafana notification channel types, and is not yet supported on `sourcegraph/server` ([#11473](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/11473)). Example configuration:
```
